1) Few words about play framework 1 ?

A Play application follows the MVC architectural pattern applied to the web architecture.
This pattern splits the application into separate layers: the Presentation layer and the Model layer. The Presentation layer is further split into a View and a Controller layer.

The Model is the domain-specific representation of the information on which the application operates. 
Domain logic adds 'meaning' to raw data (e.g., calculating if today is the user's birthday, or the 
totals, taxes, and shipping charges for a shopping cart). Most applications use a persistent storage 
mechanism such as a database to store data. MVC does not specifically mention the data access layer 
because it is understood to be underneath, or encapsulated by, the Model.

The View renders the model into a form suitable for interactions, typically a user interface. 
Multiple views can exist for a single model, for different purposes. In a Web application the view 
is usually rendered in a 'web format' like HTML, XML or JSON. However there are some cases where the 
view can be expressed in a binary form, e.g. dynamically rendered chart diagrams.

The Controller responds to events (typically user actions) and processes them, and may also invoke 
changes on the model. In a Web application, events are typically HTTP requests: a Controller listens for 
HTTP requests, extracts relevant data from the 'event', such as query string parameters, request headers… 
and applies changes to the underlying model objects.


Folders 
app/controllers
A Controller is a Java class where each public, static, method is an action. 
An action is a Java entry point invoked when an HTTP Request is received. The Java code from 
the Controller class isn't really object oriented: it's mainly procedural code. 
The action method extracts relevant data from the HTTP Request, reads or updates the model objects,
 and sends back a result which is wrapped into an HTTP Response.


app/models
The domain model object layer is a set of Java classes using all the object-oriented features 
available from the Java language. It contains data structures and operations on which the application 
operates. Whenever model objects need to be saved to persistent storage, they may contain some glue 
artifacts like JPA annotations or SQL statements.



app/views
Most of the application views are generated using an efficient templating system provided by Play.
The Controller gets some interesting data from the model layer, and then applies a template to decorate
these objects. This package contains HTML, XML, JSON or other template files with special directives used to 
dynamically generate the model representation.


The public directory
Resources stored in the public directory are static assets and are served directly 
by the Web server.
This directory is split into three standard sub-directories: for images, 
CSS stylesheets and JavaScript files. You should try to organize your static 
assets like this to keep all Play applications consistent.

By default the /public directory is mapped to the /public URL path, but you can easily change that, 
or even use several directories for your static assets.



The 'conf' directory
The conf directory contains all configuration files for the application.
There are two required configuration files:

application.conf, the main configuration file for the application. 
It contains standard configuration parameters.
routes, the routes definition file.


The lib directory
This directory contains all standard Java libraries needed by your application.
They are automatically added to the Java classpath.


!!!About DEV/PROD modes

You can run an application either in a DEV or PROD mode. 
You toggle this mode using the application.mode configuration.
When run in DEV mode, Play will check for file changes and will handle hot reloading if necessary. 

The PROD mode is fully optimized for production: Java sources and templates are compiled
once and cached for multiple uses.